Fix grammar in README.md (#21)
ahoneybun/Stellarshot: README.md

# UNDER ACTIVE DEVELOPMENT

> DO NOT TRUST this will important data at this time until it's first released. Always have multiple backups and follow the [3-2-1 rule](https://www.seagate.com/blog/what-is-a-3-2-1-backup-strategy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application should NOT be trusted at this moment, up until its first release, important data is at risk. Always have multiple backups and follow the [3-2-1 rule](https://www.seagate.com/blog/what-is-a-3-2-1-backup-strategy/).
```
